One of the great things about the Internet is that it places what is essentially the collective knowledge
of the world at our fingertips.
That's a key part of what people use the web for when they're not connecting with other people.
They're searching for information.
So naturally, it makes sense that you as a content creator could be a source of that information.
Some of my most popular posts have been data oriented articles with facts and figures surrounding a
particular topic.
Search engines love this stuff.
So if you can compile some relevant statistics from various sources and present it in a way that's valuable
to your audience, you should be able to drive a good amount of long term traffic.
Now, of course, you want to give credit where it's due and cite all of your sources so people know
where you're getting your information.
If you want to take facts and statistics to the next level, you can publish original research by conducting
your own studies and surveys and sharing the results.
You can become a credible and authoritative source for research in your industry.
Something to keep in mind, though, if you're publishing original research, it's important to do it
scientifically.
Make sure you include your hypothesis or research.
Question the purpose of the study, the specific details of your methodology, your sample size and
so on.
You want to be as transparent as possible.
Then, of course, you'll report the results of the study and share your interpretations and possible
implications of your findings.